my wife cuts my hair
it looks like a comet is literally about
to hit earth but it might be a good
thing
i'm talking of course about intel's new
comet lake desktop processors which are
not literally hitting anything we've
been anticipating this for quite a while
and now we finally have a reported
release date according to the report
they'll be unveiled on april 30th so you
won't have to wait too much longer for
the newest batch of silicon for team
blue yeah the top end core i9 processors
will feature up to 10 cores and 20
threads but even the mid-range hexacore
core i5s will now feature hyper
threading uh first for the core i5
lineup let's hear for the core output
yeah
they grow up so slow so while this new
lineup will add a little more value
we're hoping that we'll actually be able
to get our hands on them as production
may be affected by the pandemic maybe
the virus knows we're trying to beat it
using folding at home we'll get you
we're also going to be getting a new
mid-range graphics card very soon
although the gpu itself the gtx 1650 is
nothing new there's now a variant with
four gigabytes of gdr6 memory whereas
the previous version had the same amount
of the slower gdr5 memory the increased
speeds mean that the card will probably
be able to pull assets from the vram
faster which could translate to higher
performance depending on the game so it
should be noted that the move is
primarily happening because of
manufacturers of running out of gddr5
but regardless several aib partners
including asus msi gigabyte and evg are
releasing cards featuring the new gpu
which should be going for around 160
so it could be an interesting choice if
you don't quite have the dough to step
up to one of the gtx 1660 variants
at least 1650 is an impressive sounding
number
what's impressive about it
sit right in the middle
and a new kind of memory is on its way
as well all sorts of crazy stuff a major
ram manufacturer known as sk hynix has
announced it's going to begin large
scale production of 10 nanometer ddr5
this year year 5 baby by next year the
company believes that ddr5 will make up
over one-fifth of the world's dram
market as if
it's not even going to be in anything
else yeah
better power efficiency will be a major
selling point for ddr5 as well as
running at only 1.1 volts which is fewer
volts than ddr4 and every stick will
come with error correcting capabilities
no more dumb i made a mistake how do you
know that
we should also get higher memory density
meaning larger capacities per module as
well as faster speeds with 4 800
megahertz expected to become a common
offering for consumers and that's in the
spec
no overclocking that sounds like great
news for battery conscious mobile users
as well as streamers who are constantly
running out of memory because they spent
too much money in rgb instead how was i
supposed to know that and all you poor
fools who use chrome with lots of tabs
today's quick bits are brought to you by
private internet access vpn which lets
you mask your ip and encrypt your
traffic pia offers over 3 300 servers in
30 countries and no bandwidth caps it
has configurable encryption levels and a
kill switch to keep you in control and
when combined with private browsing it
can make websites think you're in a
different country you can connect up to
five devices at once whether they be
windows mac android ios or linux and
pia's mace feature blocks malware and
tracking domains try it at the link
below with a 30-day money-back guarantee
no it's time for the quick bet wow
beautiful
chrome is in no danger of losing its
status of the world's most popular
browser but we have a new silver
medalist microsoft edge has beaten out
firefox they edged them out edge now has
7.6 of the market as opposed to
firefox's 7.2
in your face mozilla
i mean that's what i imagine microsoft
is saying right now firefox is better
though i agree there have been a lot of
youtube videos spreading a conspiracy
saying that coronavirus is somehow
linked to 5g and after 5g towers in the
uk have been attacked by arsonists
thanks to these rumors youtube is saying
enough and banning all such videos
though
other kinds of conspiracy videos
revolving around 5g will be allowed to
remain
i wonder if we can say 5g was
responsible for all that weird stuff joe
exotic probably
he's my tiger king a few leaks have all
but confirmed the new iphone se is on
its way it's going to be slightly larger
than the original with a 4.7 inch screen
but don't let the relatively small size
fool you that's why you bought one to
begin with it's expected to have very
quick a13 system on a chip so it
shouldn't be much slower than the big
boys however the name is simply going to
be the iphone se with 2020 in
parentheses i really hope they print
that on the phone
it's kind of strange coming from a
company obsessed with designs i doubt
that mac users should make sure their
system is up to date as a security
problem in the safari browser is opening
up apple systems to having their cameras
and microphones spied on
yes they're better looking than pc
people all the attacker has to do is get
the victim to click on a link that loads
a malicious script and with tons of
people now working from home clicking on
stuff because of the panoramic i really
don't think you want god knows who
finding out you're working in your
underwear wait you're in your underwear
and you have a standing desk and your
camera is under your desk
yeah
ftdstore.com and you know how system
requirements for games are often
really inaccurate
well it turns out that's also true for
running windows as a twitter user
recently got windows 10 on only 192
megabytes of ram far below the listed
one gigabyte bare minimum mind you we
don't know if you could really do much
on that amount of memory but the user at
least got windows up and running um
that's it i guess you can at least look
at those cool rotating wallpapers on the
sign-in screen
maybe there's a reason the spec is what
it is
and you don't need us
at least today so you can you can shut
your computer down now but come back on
wednesday for more tech news
you got nothing else to do anyway right
you're gonna go outside
walk your dog with a really long leash
you can't get close to dogs
your own dog that you live with two
meters
i have my dog behind glass i just pet
the glass
it cries all day